Add format and author options to generate_reference (#64)
GDQuest/gdscript-docs-maker: README.md

-h/--help             -- Display this help message.
-o/--output-directory -- directory path to output the documentation into.

> -f/--format        -- File format, default is markdown, but you can indicate hugo
> -a/--author        -- Author which will writen in markdown file for hugo format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-f/--format           -- Either `markdown` or `hugo`. If `hugo`, the output document includes a TOML front-matter at the top. Default: `markdown`.
-a/--author           -- If --format is `hugo`, controls the author property in the TOML front-matter.
```
